README.md, before:

# go-calendar

Simple calendar of events. Receives new events passed to it and informs users of the upcoming
events (at least it should do so).

## Usage

```go-calendar [FLAGS]```

## Supported flags

### config (-c)
Path to the configuration file.

## TODO
### First iteration (Calendar service, later on just CS):
##### Status: DONE
1) Define Event type; `DONE`
2) Create handlers for creating/updating/deleting events. `DONE`
3) Keep events in an in-memory fashion (Use `map[string]Event`) `DONE`

### Second iteration (GRPC implementation for the CS):
##### Status: DONE
1) Add code generation target to the Makefile; `DONE`
2) Add client and service functionality (GRPC `DONE`, RESTful `DONE`)

### Third iteration (DB implementation for the the CS):
##### Status: DONE
1) Integrate DB usage; `DONE`
2) Make sure that the DB logic is independent from the higher level abstractions. `DONE`

### Fourth iteration (Message queue implementation for the the CS):
##### Status: deep backlog
1) Lorem ipsum
2) Lorem ipsum

### Fifth iteration (Docker containerisation implementation for the the CS):
##### Status: nowhere near backlog
1) Lorem ipsum
2) Lorem ipsum

### Sixth iteration (MtA vs. MsA implementation for the the CS):
##### Status: ...
1) Lorem ipsum
2) Lorem ipsum

Commit message:

Dockerisation (final adjustments):
1) Got rid of the message-queue package;
2) Other small adjustments.

README.md, after:

# go-calendar

Simple calendar of events. Receives new events passed to it and informs users of the upcoming
events (at least it should do so).

## Usage

```go-calendar [FLAGS]```

## Supported flags

### config (-c)
Path to the configuration file.

## TODO
### First iteration (Calendar service, later on just CS):
##### Status: `DONE`
1) Define Event type; `DONE`
2) Create handlers for creating/updating/deleting events. `DONE`
3) Keep events in an in-memory fashion (Use `map[string]Event`) `DONE`

### Second iteration (GRPC implementation for the CS):
##### Status: `DONE`
1) Add code generation target to the Makefile; `DONE`
2) Add client and service functionality (GRPC `DONE`, RESTful `DONE`)

### Third iteration (DB implementation for the the CS):
##### Status: `DONE`
1) Integrate DB usage; `DONE`
2) Make sure that the DB logic is independent from the higher level abstractions. `DONE`

### Fourth iteration (Message queue implementation for the the CS):
##### Status: `DONE`
1) Added support for message queue; `DONE`
2) Queue message production and consumption processes were tested. `DONE`

### Fifth iteration (Docker containerisation implementation for the the CS):
##### Status: `DONE`
1) Added Dockerfile and docker-compose files for the project. `DONE`

### Sixth iteration (MtA vs. MsA implementation for the the CS):
##### Status: `In Progress`
1) Lorem ipsum
2) Lorem ipsum

### Seventh iteration (Integration tests and Unit tests for the the CS):
##### Status: `Backlog`
1) Lorem ipsum
2) Lorem ipsum

### Eighth iteration (Prometheus monitoring implementation for the the CS):
##### Status: `Backlog`
1) Lorem ipsum
2) Lorem ipsum
